- So we have completed the OrderServiveImpl class.
It is pretty much the same.
All the logic is included here.
The next step will be to write the OrderServer class
in order to host the implementation.
So, let's go ahead and this time,
what we can do is we just have to
take this class UserServer, copy it.
It is going to be exactly the same.
You just have to modify a couple of things.
So I copied the UserServer class and I'm copying it
to the same folder, but I'm going to rename it
to the OrderServer.
Let's make the necessary changes. The logger is the same
which is the OrderServer.class.getname.
We are good there.
Let's make this port number on line 18, five zero zero
five two, because this is another server
that we will start locally.
So it is supposed to be exposed
to another port that is five zero zero five two.
In addition to that, on line 21, we have to make sure
that we feed the correct implementation class.
We are hosting the OrderService,
so that will be OrderServiceImpl.
And let's change the log statement on line 25 accordingly.
So we have to say that the OrderServer
started on five zero zero five two.
Lastly, we have to do one more thing.
We make sure that the variable names are according
to the server that you're hosting.
So let's make sure that that is the variable used
in all the codes.
So there we go.
We have the OrderServer class ready.
This is going to host us the OrderService implementation
on port five zero zero five two locally.
So the URL will be local host colon five zero zero five two.
In addition to that, I will also do
one more small change that we did not do
the last time we did the UserService implementation.
I'm going to take this line 14
and instead of creating an instance inside the method
I'll create it on the class level.
Why I'm doing this because we don't want to create
an instance of the UserDao every time we make the request.
We can just create it once and we can use it
in all the methods inside the ServiceImpl class.
Let's format this code a little bit.
Right. So we have the UserServer ready
a little load of refactoring on the UserServiceImpl.
Additionally, one main thing here.
Why are we creating a separate class for the OrderServer?
Why are we trying to host the service
on a separate port of five zero zero five two?
Instead, we could actually go
to the UserServer and on line 22
where we've added the UserServiceImpl to
get hosted on five zero zero five one,
we could also add a chain method code of the same method
and feed in the OrderServiceImpl instance to it.
So this essentially will mean that the user
and the order services both get hosted on the same port
which is five zero zero five one as stated on line 19
but we are not doing this.
Why? That is because we want to emulate a setup
where the user and the order services
are hosted independently on separate ports.
We are doing this so that when we go further in the codes
we can connect both of these services
using a GRPC network code. For that
we need these services running independently
and that's why we have a separate OrderServer
that we have written out.
And now let's go ahead and test out the OrderService
the way we did for the UserService.